Bluetooth Mesh badge demo for the reel board (#10210)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/boards/reel_board/mesh_badge/README.rst

.. _mesh_badge:

Mesh Badge
##########

Overview
********

> A sample app for the reel board that showcases Bluetooth Mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample app for the reel board showcases Bluetooth Mesh.
```

Author: done

> The app starts off as a regular Bluetooth GATT peripheral application. It's

Reviewer: Delete ``It's recommended to" and start the sentence with:

    Install the ...

Author: done

recommended to install the "nRF Connect" app on your phone (available both for

> Android and iOS) to access the service that the app exposes.

Reviewer: Can you do this board setup with a program running on your laptop (or only with your phone)?

Author: yes, I added a note about that, but I'm not planning to provide detailed instructions for every possible OS, Bluetooth stack and GATT client app :)

Steps to set up
***************

> #. Scan for devices and look for "reel board"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On your phone, use the nRF Connect app to scan for devices and look for "reel board"
```

Author: done

#. Connect to the device. You'll see a single service - select it
#. Request to write to the characteristic by pressing on the upward pointing
   arrow symbol
#. Select "Text" to enter text instead of hex
#. Enter your name (or any other random data). Multiple words separated by

>    spaces are possible. The font used enables three rows of up to 12 characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   spaces are possible. The font used on the reel display allows three rows of up to 12 characters
```

Author: done

   wide text. You can force line breaks with a comma.
#. Press "Send" - this will trigger pairing since this is a protected
   characteristic. The passkey for the pairing will be shown on the board's

>    display.

Reviewer: I presume you need to do something in the app to complete the paring using the passkey?

Author: yes, you need to enter it in the phone - I added this text

> #. Once pairing is complete the board will show the new name. If you're not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Once pairing is complete the board will show the text you sent. If you're not
```

Author: done

   happy with it you can try writing something else.
#. When you're happy with the text, disconnect from the board (exit the app or
   go back to the device scan page)
#. Once disconnected the board switches over to Bluetooth Mesh mode, and you
   can't connect to it anymore over GATT. If you configure multiple boards like
   this they can communicate with each other over mesh by pressing their user

>    button.

Reviewer: ... and what will happen after they "communicate with each other"?

Author: I added text to describe this

> To reset a board to its initial state (disable mesh, erase the name and make it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reset a board to its initial state (disable mesh, erase the stored text, and make it
```

Author: done
